---
layout: post
title:  "Reality"
date:   2022-12-06 19:39:46 -0500
categories: reality extended xr vr ar
---

## Reality: The Metaverse

Last year I told someone about my work and before I could even finish my sentence, they said, "I live in reality..." and went on to say "now go and play like your working..."

I laughed and thought to myself, goofy the metaverse market is expected to be a $800 billion market by 2024, according to Bloomberg Intelligence. Roblox CEO David Baszucki, meanwhile, projects a total addressable market of around $200 billion or more each in the categories of mobile, streaming content, and social media.

In fact, there are much more audacious estimates — Morgan Stanley analyst Brian Nowak vaguely refers to an $8 trillion total addressable market among U.S. consumers — that come with multiple caveats. Adoption “won't be rapid or easy,” Nowak says, because of uncertainty over the metaverse experience, consumer distrust toward Facebook with their personal and enterprise data, and Facebook's lack of enterprise tool expertise.

## The future of connection will be in 3D

The metaverse will be a place where we can work, play, and connect with others in immersive, online experiences.

## Virtual Reality

VR technologies immerse you in 3D spaces that go beyond the physical world, letting you feel like you're with friends and family as you discover new experiences together.

## Augmented reality
AR lets you add playful virtual effects to photos and video at the touch or swipe of a screen, letting you express yourself with the people who matter most.

Check out the [Facebook Reality Technology](https://about.facebook.com/technologies) or [Market Watch](https://www.marketwatch.com/story/what-is-the-metaverse) for more info on how to get the most out of learn more about the Metaverse.
